Add wasm-unsafe-eval to CSP (#16943)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/content_security_policy/index.md

 <script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-2.2.4.js"></script>
```

> This doesn't load the requested resource: it fails silently, and any object that you expect to be present from the resource is not be found. There are two main solutions to this:

Author: ```suggestion
This doesn't load the requested resource: it fails silently, and any object that you expect to be present from the resource is not found. There are two main solutions to this:
```

```

If you are currently using code like `<body onload="main()">` to run your script when the page has loaded, listen for [DOMContentLoaded](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/DOMContentLoaded_event) or [load](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/load_event) instead.

> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

### WebAssembly

> Extensions wishing to use [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly) require `wasm-unsafe-eval`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extensions wishing to use [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly) require `'wasm-unsafe-eval'` to be specified in the `script-src` directive.
```

wasm-unsafe-eval must be within single quotes, everywhere. And within backticks for code formatting.

> In Firefox 102 and later, `wasm-unsafe-eval` can be included in the [`content_security_policy`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/content_security_policy) manifest.json key for Manifest V3 extensions to enable the use of WebAssembly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Firefox 102 and Chrome 103, `wasm-unsafe-eval` can be included in the [`content_security_policy`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/content_security_policy) manifest.json key to enable the use of WebAssembly in extensions.
```

This is not MV3 specific. MV2 does have an exception in Firefox, which you've documented below.

> Manifest V2 extensions in Firefox can use WebAssembly without `wasm-unsafe-eval` in their CSP for backward compatibility. However, this behavior isn't guaranteed; see {{bug(1770909)}}. Extensions using WebAssembly are therefore encouraged to declare `wasm-unsafe-eval` in their CSP.

Author: ```suggestion
Manifest V2 extensions in Firefox can use WebAssembly without `'wasm-unsafe-eval'` in their CSP for backward compatibility. However, this behavior isn't guaranteed; see {{bug(1770909)}}. Extensions using WebAssembly are therefore encouraged to declare `'wasm-unsafe-eval'` in their CSP.
```

> For Chrome, extensions cannot use WebAssembly in version 101 or earlier. In 102, extensions can use WebAssembly (the same behavior as Firefox 101 and earlier). From version 103, extensions can use WebAssembly if they include `wasm-unsafe-eval` in the `content_security_policy` in the manifest key.

Author: ```suggestion
For Chrome, extensions cannot use WebAssembly in version 101 or earlier. In 102, extensions can use WebAssembly (the same behavior as Firefox 101 and earlier). From version 103, extensions can use WebAssembly if they include `'wasm-unsafe-eval'` in the `content_security_policy` in the manifest key.
```
